hello ladies and gentlemen of the online
gaming community today I'm gonna bring
you this free game called as the two
evolution now here I am showing you how
sort of the gun into the game but this
is a really awesome game it's a free
MMORPG game it has an anime style look
and these are two of my character that I
choose and I'm showing guys there's a
little bit in over your situation
because I'm trying to get some new armor
here and it's really good you can choose
up to three characters here and you can
make them anything you'd like and right
here I've been playing this for about a
couple of months now like two three
months and this game is Konami you guys
so there were there is some bugs and
game is kind of you know increasing in
like maps and jobs this like I'm doing a
swordsman here and so this game might
still be ongoing for you guys like if
you're watching this right now it's
that's what you're seeing but the forum
or there's gonna be either new maps new
quests and maybe some new kind of jobs I
don't like fee for SAS and you know the
classic stuff you find in every game
sort of of these kind of kinds now here
I'm gonna go to Solaris another city
that's not new it's been here for quite
some time but there is a new city which
I haven't gone through cuz it's a little
like 40s I guess in sixty something like
that which is a high level and it's
really hard to get some level here ups
here from the 30th shortened thing and
the best way to get this game into like
leveling up is by doing the quest and
right here I am in Solaris and I'm gonna
go to do quests that I just finished and
so I'm gonna go there you can see you
that with a red box that means that has
a quest that I finished and that I can
get the money from the experience from
and sometimes objects like armor or
weaponry or sometimes just souls that
soul something like that school which
you can put on your armor and on your
gear which gives you a boost and an
upper edge on just normal armor which
you can upgrade to by going to the
blacksmith and you can even upgrade to
better weapons than or even craft
weapons
and the only thing I didn't like sort of
about this game was that the you kind of
you can't store as much as I want
because I have a lot of stuff that I
would like to keep but I can because the
store is like 30 objects like the other
the objects is sometimes they say it's
many but sometimes I say not and you end
up either selling stuff or just dropping
them which is really unfortunate because
some things are really really good stuff
and here I'm showing you some of the
monsters which I need to kill sort of
this is they had a giant last name you
can see it right there exist click that
is what I'm what I need and to eliminate
to get truenicks through this quest now
I've been doing this and now I just what
guys just a little quick time to show
you here of what sort of he can do and
the power-ups that you can see down
there which I activate by using the
keyboard of the numbers either from 1 to
5 right here that I use and you can
actually you know do some damage with
this thing now I just finished him off
here and I took some gold which is like
the money that you use right here and
then we guys if you really want to
download this game the links are all
down below and if you want to run it to
AB like if you your PC can run this game
there they're all down below you can
check you can see if your computer
matches just your CPU dead guys it'll
just see you there's get it's good or
bad but I think you'll run cuz this is
quite a good game and there I cut
actually there's the party guy that I
told you was ok he's dancing and anyway
guys if you like this game make sure to
give it a thumbs up and if you want
anything down below comment below if you
need anything guys and I will see you in
the next video bye